Dear, I trust you, this is a misunderstanding.
You're too kind.
Like the tiger girl who destroys other people's feelings, I've seen a lot.
Don't worry, my grandmother is here.
No one can break your relationship with my nephew.
What are you going to do today?
Don't worry about it.
At the same time Ninh Ninh and Tu Nien are preparing for the wedding.
You go get the wedding dress I prepared for Ninh Ninh.
Tell Secretary Ninh to bring it here.
I have a means to make him automatically leave my nephew Ninh Sue.
This time the old woman did.
I'll see how you can stay.
It's a wedding dress.
Why is it so heavy?
Why are you so sure?
Hello, I'm here to give you a wedding dress. This is a wedding dress.
- Who told you to put it on the ground?
Can you pay for it?
Your wedding dress will not get dirty in the box.
You are still cunning.
Did you know that custom wedding dresses for old ladies and girls are beautiful?
There can't be a wrinkle.
You put it in your suitcase?
Are you crazy?
I don't know.
The wedding dress shop is like that for me.
That's bullshit.
Wedding shops are all experts, how could you make such a serious mistake?
Come on in, we'll find your wife.
Oh, that's actually true.
Obviously to save trouble.
Destroy a wedding dress prepared by Miss Ming.